# Support Offerings

The Houston Linux User's Group can help you install your Linux system, configure
it to your liking, and use the applications within to achieve your goals.  Our
volunteers hold Lab Sessions where you can bring your hardware for one-on-one 
assistance.  Most issues can be resolved within a single meeting.  Tasks
requiring large amounts of effort are welcome, but may stretch across multiple
Lab Sessions.

## Installation Support

While most major Linux distributions now install without a hiccup, there are
times when installations can be a challenge.  Support is available for all
skill levels.  New Linux users can get first-distro recommendations, and 
volunteer-guided installations of their chosen distro.  Seasoned Linux veterans
can get best-effort assistance with non-typical hardware issues, dbus tweaking,
firmware, and more.  The volunteers of the Houston Linux User's Group are happy
to assist the installation process along when things go wrong.

The Houston Linux User's Group is glad to assist with installations; but,
obscure distros and very old hardware might present challenges that exceed the
resources of our volunteer staff.  While many volunteers are happy to work with
off-the-beaten path hardware or distros, not all combinations are feasible.  

## Configuration Support

There are a multitude of ways to tweak a Linux system to your liking.  Desktop
environments, display managers, graphics drivers, system fonts, backgrounds,
boot screens, system services, and custom application launchers are just a few
of the many ways one can alter their Linux system to their liking.  

The Houston Linux User's Group is happy to assist in the configuration of your
Linux installation to achieve your goals.  Our volunteers have experience with
most common configuration requests.  

## Application Support

The typical Linux installation comes with a large number of free software
packages.  The breadth and depth of freely available software is staggering.
For nearly every software solution, there is a Linux port or analogue.

The Houston Linux User's Group has experience with the most commonly used Linux
software packages.  While we cannot accommodate support requests for every
application, we are happy to help with familiar, popular applications.  If
you are looking for a solution to a specific problem, our volunteers might
suggest applications to suit your needs.
